### DB Seeding and Tag Helpers

**Data Seeding**  
This is the process of populating a database with an initial set of data.
This is done by Model Seed data, Manual migration customization, custom initialization logic.  

*Model Seed Data*  
Seeding data is associated with an entity type as part of the model configuration. Its best for static data thats not supposed to change outside of migrations The migrations then can compute the insert, update, and delete operations that are needed to be applied when you upgrade a database. Though there are some limitations. Primarys keys need to be specified even when they are generated by the data base. The previous seed data is removed if the primary key is changed.  
*Manual Migration Custominzation*  
Data specified with HasData are changed into InsertData(), UpdateData(), and DeleteData() when a migration is added. To avoid limitations, you can manually add those calls or custom operations to the migration.  
*Custom initialization logic*  
This is a straightforward way to data seed. You can use `DbContext.SaveChanges()` before the main app logic executes.

*Tag Helpers*  
Tag Helps help create and render HTML elements on Razor files. It can help with making forms, links, etc. Though tag helpers do not replace HTML helpers and there's not a tag helper for each html helper. They provide an HTML-friendly development experience. People with experience with HTML,css, and javascript dont have to know C# syntax to know whats going on. It also has great IntelliSense. The article says that devs work better with Tag Helpers rather than C# razor markup. Tag helps make you more productive and have better code using info only on the server. 

